Ah -- there you are
Ah -- what an unlikely symbiotic relationship -- two deadly creatures coope
A pleasure to meet you, Vault Hunter. I am Sir Hammerlock --
Apologies, but when Claptrap speaks, I feel my brain cells committing suici
A stunning riposte! Now, collect the fur
A trillion thanks, Vault Hunter! You've helped a foolish old man look far m
At your service.
Beware Slappy's tentacles -- you can blast them in half, but they'll regene
Bloddy balls
Bloody balls! Ferovore is trademarked! RRGH!
Bonerfart
Bullymong
Bully-mong. Rubbish name, isn't it . I'd like a better one before my almana
Come on -- work, curse you! Ah, fecal matter -- the bounty board's broken
Do you see my hat It is the hat of a gentleman
Exemplary!
Give me a moment, if you would -- I require some privacy.
Got the elevator working, have you
Handsome Jack killed her, did he
Hrm, it seems Bullymongs use those mounds to dispose of their..
I came out here to research the Bullymongs for my almanac, but Captain Flyn
If this is the end, Vault Hunter, let me say -- it was a pleasure to have k
If you're to survive out here for any length of time, you'll need a better
I'm standing right here, dude.
I overheard Claptrap asking you for the Bullymong fur you're collecting.
I see our fearless leader Jack is looking for you. Charming fellow, isn't h
It is a known fact that Stalkers find ECHO recorders delicious
Lovely creatures. Beautiful creatures.
Lovely -- he's weak! Now finish him off with a melee strike!
Most efficacious! Bullymongs will think twice about raiding peaceful cities
Most efficacious!
Now, if you could hand me the robot's eye, please.
Now, I need only connect this to this, and
Now that Liar's Berg is clear, I might as well turn on the main power
Of course, I forgot -- the safehouse power box stopped working after Claptr
Oh, and if you require a shield, I know where you can get one!
Oh, and lest I forget -- here you are. Thought it could be of some use.
Oh, dear. He's talking again.
Oh dear. That might be the worst music ever recorded.
Old Slappy removed several of my limbs the last time we met
Onward, Vault Hunter! I have the utmost faith that you shall give Jack a mo
Ooh -- a crushing blow!
Please make Captain Flynt's death as prolonged as possible, would you
Please stay back, Vault Hunter - let Claptrap go first.
Protection from bullets, ho!
Rrgh! My publishers despise Primal Beast. Bloody uncultured...alright, what
Scientifically, murdering Old Slappy was probably a bad idea.
[sigh] Yes, I suppose I am in your debt now, aren't I Come to my shack, and
So, how are you enjoying Liar's Berg This town used to have a
Spectacular -- first Captain Flynt's bandits attack, then Claptrap shows up
Spectacular fisticuffsmanship!
Take my hand.
That sample will do admirably! Find me a few more, if you please.
That should do it!
That's one area free of bullymongs.
That's right, Slappy. You smell it, don't you That's the scent of a gentleman
The Bullymong is injured. Now, deliver the coup de grace with your..
The eyes! Go for the eyes!
There -- you've weakened that Bullymong!
These ECHOs shall be most enlightening!
The town's nearly clear -- you go, girl, as they say. Does anyone say that
Though Captain Flynt killed everyone in Liar's Berg, I see no reason that w
Vault Hunter! How good to see you again.
Vengeance, ho!
Welcome to Blackburn Cove, where Captain Flynt's men relax after a long day
Well done! Now, if you could return to Liar's Berg, we could see about gett
Well, my old friend -- I wish you the best.
Wonderful! That fracas was most helpful to my studies on Bullymong social s
Wonderful -- you've gotten all the fur I need. Bring it to me, and my snipe
Would you like to do battle with a midget riding piggyback on a bullymong
Yes! You've killed the creature that removed my various limbs!
You gave the fur to Claptrap Suppose I can't blame you
You go girl
You're wondering why I don't go out into the field.
You've discovered one of Helena Pierce's audio logs!
