AAAHHH. I TOLD YOU NOT TO KILL HIM. UGH. It's okay. I still love you
AHAHAHHAHA. BURN ALL THE BABIIIIIES
Ahem. If you did not hear me Garcon, I requested that you SMACK that SUCKA in hi
All round' the sta-actus plant, the stalker chased the bandit, the stalker thoug
Alright boy, let's do this
Awesome! Just a secco, this gon' be goood
Ay yo, I got stuff I need done boooy
Best. Tea Party. Ever
BLAST that train wooshay
Climb the pipe. To the train. Or you'll go insane, what what. That's a rap song...
Come on in... You're missing the fun
Damn Mushy Snugglebutts, you lookin' fiiiine
Dis MY house. Step off
Do you enjoy the tea, Mr. Fleshstick. It is important for him to savage lands th
Falalal. Falalalal. Falalal. Falalala. Lalalala
Fluffybutt, Sir Reginald, I have heard some salacious rumors about the two of you...
Fluffybutt, you are looking gooooood
FLUFFYBUTT! You never told me you're getting ENGAGED! Who's the lucky man
Garcon, Mr. Sparks is taking a lot of damage, and it's ruining my DINING...
Get outta my shop, or I'll punch your butt. That's how Tiny Tina rolls
Gonna eat so many goddamn crumpets
Good job friendo. Fleshstick's getting sucked in the tunnels as we speak. Let's...
Got da explosives. Best. day. evaaar. Bring em' back here, and I'll use em' to m
GWAH! Here I am about to throw a tea party, and the guest of honor is MISSING! D
Hey Princess Fluffybutt, why don't give Sir Reginald the smooch. He's been on ab
How has your day been Sir Reginald. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh wow! That's so interesting.
I agree Princess. It is a bit cold for this time of year. What do you think Mr...
I... just broke my teapot. This is the worst thing that's ever happened... in hi
I knew you'd come crawling back to me one day Princess. You HUSSY. You TROLLUP...
I'm a little teapot, bloody and cut. Here is my handle, here is my butt
I'm suddenly sad, and I don't know why
Just a secco. Hoaaa, this gon' be good
Just put my damsels near the choo-choo track and SET EM' UP. Good plan, great pl
Looks like Fleshstick's stopped following your fiine ass. Just give him a poke s
Make it raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaain
Mr. Sparks is almost dead, and I haven't even set up dessert yet
Mushy Snugglebites is my maaaain squeeze. She's got a gut full of dynamite and a
My bad. Still, that was AWESOME
NOOOOOO. Mr. Sparks is dead. This tea party is OVER
Oh daaaamn, you lookin' good ladies. Let's get to work
Oh haiii
Oh SNAP son, I hear the tr-aaain comiiin
Princess Fluffybutt, I can't help but shake the feeling that if you don't BACK...
Princess Fluffybutt, you look absolutely irradiant! You MUST tell me your beauty
Runnin' runnin' runnin', I'm runnin' over here. Run run, run run run
Sir Reginald. Fluffybutt. It is a pleasure as always
Sir Reginald is only one of the many illustrious guests who will be attending my
Sitting here makes me scared as crap, and I don't. remember. why
So good to see you Sir Reginald, let's gossip
Son of a BUTT SACK
Squishy. Squishy, squishy, squishy
Sup boo. Please place the guests in their rrrespective seats
Sup sucka! Got a very important tea party coming up, amd my date is missing, AND
Sup sucka! It's TINA. I wrote you a little poem and it goes a little something a
Sup. Sup. Sup. Sup. Sup. I gotta job for you. I gotta job
Take THAT, you stuck up beeyaaatch. Now go get Sir Reginald, we have sooo many t
That's enough scrap metal to make a teapot. Shawty, you da best. You da, you a b
That's Mushy Snugglebites badonkadonk, she's my MAAAIN squeeze. Lady's got a gut
That's right bitches, my big brudda's about to teach you SOME MANNERS! NOBODY ST
That's right. Twin sisters man. Oooh. Take em. take em take em take em
There's gonna be so many goddamn crumpets, it's gonna be a crum-POCALYPSE
This here's Mushy Snugglebites and this is Felicia sexopants. These FINE-ASS wom
What an interesting point, Monsieur Fleshstick. Mr. Sparks, what do you think
When you made it rain, I was like, daaaaaaaaaamn
When you're ready to start the party, please slap Mr. Fleshstick in his bitch fa
WHO'S READY FOR A MOTHA-HUMPIN TEA-PARTAAAAAY
Why thank you Princess Fluffybutt. I rather enjoy its tastes myself
Why you usin' all my fuel girl. I need that stuff to heat up my bathwater. Mushy
Yayz. Now bring it all back
Yeah Yeah Yeah. Party Party Party. Best day ever. Party Party Party. So much par
You bitin'. Cool, cool. You can use my rockets on that suckabutt if you wanna
You disarmed all my mines! Why you gotta be like that foo
You disarmed my proxy bunker. Damn girl, you got skiiiillz... to pay the biiiiil
You gonna get outta my workshop or am I gonna have to shank a bitch
You got da badonkadonks. BEST. DAY. EVAAAR. Bring em' back here and I'll use the
You got Princess Fluffybutt. Ooooh, this party's gonna be off the chizzo fo' riz
You got Sir Reginald. Now I just need you to find Princess Fluffybutt, and get m
You're cordially invited BITCH
You so gooood, you so fuuuun. You really, really blow my miiind
