Ahaha, you're gonna make me blush
Ah, the Natural Selection annex. As deadly as it is pungent. Talk to Captain Cab
Always love a good tip
And now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for... THE CRE
Appreciate it sugar. That reminds me of something Jimbo Hodunk told me right before
Can't thank you enough sugar
Careful sugar, that's strong stuff
Every key fits in a lock sugar. Check the containers, and see if that key...
Get away from the explosive sugar. They're gonna make a big boom
HA. Haven't heard Jack that angry since I kicked his plastic-surgeried ass to th
Hell, I'm all wet. I mean, I spilled a drink. Before you came in. Not cause you
Here, I got something for ya
Here's Rubi. Treat her well
Here, this isn't my favorite gun, but you might get some use out of it
Hey sugar, I have somethin' for ya
Hey sugar, want to help a lady out. Stop by my bar in Sanctuary and I'll give yo
Hey there sugar, I see that you've found some... fairly fleshy snapshots of me
Hey, until he set all those people on fire, Jack seemed like a pretty nice guy
Honey, I've got aaall day
How generous of you. Here, this is my favorite gun. You'll understand when you u
How ya doin' with that job I sent you on
I don't have any work, but that doesn't mean you can't stay
If I know my explosives, and I'd like to think I'd do, you can use those charges
If you see Mordecai, let him know. 3 inches. Not average size, not even close
I haven't seen somebody throw that much money around since... my last boyfriend
I'll be able to rebuild the underdome in no time
I'm a bit tired, so just imagine that I said something incredibly suggestive wil
I really need to clean this place
It's been a long day
I've got just the thing for ya
I've had just enough of that handsome jackass sugar. Get rid of him, and you'll...
Just when I thought you couldn't get anymore attractive
Like what you see
Looks like you've had enough. Sorry sugar, but I'm cutting you off
No new jobs. Shame, I would've loved to watch you work
No no. Bring the booze to me instead of that alcoholic bird lover, and I'll give
Oh Mordecai, just put the bird away. Or actually... don't
Oh, shut that racket off, would you sugar
Oh sorry, I can't make it. Give Claptrap my love though. My purely platonic love
Oh sorry sweetie, no work today
Oh, well he dropped a key. Do a lady a favor and grab it
Oh, you're making me as shy as a hooker in confession. I'm not a hooker though
Oh, you sweet thing
One step closer to rebuilding the underdome. Jack didn't take it too well when I
Sigh
Sorry sugar, not enough cash
Sounds like that key was just the right size. See if there's anything useful in...
Spending all that money on little ol' me, I'm flattered
Sugar, once you get rid of Jack, why don't you come back to my place. The first...
Take your time sugar
Thanks for finishing that job darling
Thanks for the tip sugar. I think it's time your generosity was... rewarded
Thanks sugar, I've been meaning to upload these to the ECHOnet
Thanks, this place ain't doing great, but it's still doing better than most. Not
There was a time when I'd be out there on the front lines, fighting Jack's troop
Those bandits didn't stand a virgin's chance in the red light district. Go see F
Tiger groowl
Wanna help me out
Well done, sugar. Since you survived, Captain Cabrera owes me some serious payme
Well hello, don't just stand there looking gorgeous. The drinks don't cost much,
What the hell's going on out there
Wow, you really know how to throw those back
You haven't met the Hodunks yet, have you. Bastards. Every one of them. They thi
You keep that up, I might just have to pay you back somehow
You know, you're not like the others. I can throw on a saucy innuendo and an ani
You met Ellie yet. Lovely girl. Hates my guts. I tried to explain to her, there's no...
You're a doll. Fink's in the bathroom. Lucky man. Wish I had someone like you lo
You're the best
You still workin' on one of my jobs
You've finished with that little somethin' something' I asked you about
You want my camera huh. You can borrow it on one condition. Anything you shoot b
